Add guidance about updating store PWAs (#2848)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/microsoft-store.md

Reviewer: windows-partner-center-start-submission.png -- make red box thinner, center it evenly around the button

png link:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/microsoft-store-images/windows-partner-center-start-submission.png?branch=pr-en-us-2848

| **Easy install** | The Microsoft Store provides a consistent and user-friendly install experience across [all Windows 10 or later apps](https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/windows). |
| **App analytics** | The [Microsoft Partner Center dashboard](/windows/uwp/publish/index) provides [detailed analytics](/windows/uwp/publish/analytics) about your app's health, usage, and more. |

> To publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store, no code changes are required.  Instead, you create an app reservation in Microsoft Partner Center, then package your PWA using PWA Builder, and finally submit your package to the Microsoft Store.  The following sections explain the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish your PWA to the Microsoft Store, no code changes are required.  Instead, you create an app reservation in Microsoft Partner Center, package your PWA using PWA Builder, and then submit your package to the Microsoft Store.  The following sections explain the steps.
```
'finally' connotes impatience, so use standard pattern:
Do X, Y, and then Z.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Package your PWA for the Store

> Now that you have your app publishing information, generate a Windows app package for your PWA by using PWA Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've gathered the publishing information about your app, generate a Windows app package for your PWA by using PWA Builder.
```
i'm reading markdown w/o any context, but this phrase read ambiguously, 3 different ways.  Purely considering this sentence w/o context, here's one possible resolution of the meaning.

It could mean: 
Now that you've gotten your app to gather information, ...
that's how I initially parsed (probably mis-parsed) it.

    ![Report card page](./microsoft-store-images/report-card.png)

> 1.  Once your PWA is ready to be packaged, in the upper-right corner of the PWABuilder report card page, click the **Package For Stores** button. The store packages dialog opens.

Author: The dialog title isn't really a title in this case, it's a congratulation message: **Awesome! Your PWA is store ready!**
Should I use this?

> 1.  Once your PWA is ready to be packaged, in the upper-right corner of the PWABuilder report card page, click the **Package For Stores** button. The store packages dialog opens.

Author: I'll push a commit soon with: A dialog opens, showing the message **Awesome! Your PWA is store ready!**
Let me know what you think.

> 1.  Once your PWA is ready to be packaged, in the upper-right corner of the PWABuilder report card page, click the **Package For Stores** button. The store packages dialog opens.

Reviewer: saw it in .md listing, looks good, will check rendered for final review.

> 1.  Under **Windows**, click the **Generate Package** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Under **Windows**, click the **Generate Package** button.  XYZ happens.
```
what's the system result from this user action step?

1.  Click the **Download Package** button to download your Windows package.

Your download is a `.zip` archive that contains an `.msixbundle` file and a `.classic.appxbundle` file.  The two app packages allow your PWA to run on a wide variety of Windows versions.

See also:

* [What is a classic package?](https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwabuilder-windows-chromium-docs/blob/master/classic-package.md)<!-- changing "master" to "main" in that URL doesn't work, as of August 11, 2023 -->
* [Bundling MSIX packages](/windows/msix/package/bundling-overview).

> ### Submit your app package to the Microsoft Store

Reviewer: Global in this .md file: Change to h2/h4/h6 pattern; esp. skip h3.
```suggestion
#### Submit your app package to the Microsoft Store
```

Customers who install the PWA from Microsoft Edge would therefore install the PWA from the locale-specific domain.  Subsequent launches of the PWA go directly to that locale-specific domain, instead of first going to the principal domain.

#### Domain redirection with PWAs installed from the Microsoft Store

PWAs that are installed from the Microsoft Store have a hard-coded start URL that is pointed at the principal domain.  When the PWA is launched, the PWA initially navigates to the principal domain, and then a customer may (as necessary) be redirected to their locale-specific domain. If that redirection occurs, the navigation is considered "out of scope".  As a result, the app displays the URL and page title at the top of the page.

Displaying the URL and page title is a security feature to ensure that users know they have left the context of the PWA.  This added UI makes sense when a user loads a page from another website in the context of the PWA.  However, that added UI may be inappropriate when a user moves among domains that are all part of the same website.

#### Prevent the locale-specific URL and title from being displayed

> To prevent the additional UI from being shown in a PWA that's installed from the Microsoft Store, you can use [URL Handlers](https://github.com/WICG/pwa-url-handler/blob/main/explainer.md) to enable the PWA to span multiple locale-specific domains.

Author: @LuHuangMSFT if I'm understanding this correctly, then that means removing the entire **Redirect to locale-specific domains without displaying additional UI** section. If we don't plan on supporting `url_handlers` much longer, then there really is no point in documenting how to use it to avoid the redirection UI in store-installed apps.

I proposed removing the entire section, and then adding something back in when we have a replacement available (`scope_extensions`?).

Do you agree?

> To prevent the additional UI from being shown in a PWA that's installed from the Microsoft Store, you can use [URL Handlers](https://github.com/WICG/pwa-url-handler/blob/main/explainer.md) to enable the PWA to span multiple locale-specific domains.

Reviewer 2: I think we can either remove this following block or the entire section:
```
This added UI makes sense when a user loads a page from another website in the context of the PWA.  However, that added UI may be inappropriate when a user moves among domains that are all part of the same website.

#### Prevent the locale-specific URL and title from being displayed

To prevent the additional UI from being shown in a PWA that's installed from the Microsoft Store, you can use [URL Handlers](https://github.com/WICG/pwa-url-handler/blob/main/explainer.md) to enable the PWA to span multiple locale-specific domains.
```

or

> To prevent the additional UI from being shown in a PWA that's installed from the Microsoft Store, you can use [URL Handlers](https://github.com/WICG/pwa-url-handler/blob/main/explainer.md) to enable the PWA to span multiple locale-specific domains.

Reviewer 2: Another option is to say that `scope_extensions` will be useful for this scenario but is not yet available.

Eventually, the `url_handlers` feature will be replaced by [`scope_extensions`](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/blob/gh-pages/scope_extensions-explainer.md), but that spec is still in development.  `scope_extensions` will produce the same result as `url_handlers`.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Make updates to your app

> Generally, when you update your PWA code, you don't need to create a new app package and submit it to the Microsoft Store again. For example, when you make changes to your app's front-end HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code, or to your service worker, the changes are downloaded by the browser that's running your app from your web server the next time the app is launched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, when you update your PWA code, you don't need to create a new app package and submit it to the Microsoft Store again. For example, when you make changes to your app's front-end HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code, or to your service worker, the next time the app is launched, the changes are downloaded by the browser that's running your app from your web server.
```
result: readability b/c short phrases, comma-delimited

> Generally, when you update your PWA code, you don't need to create a new app package and submit it to the Microsoft Store again. For example, when you make changes to your app's front-end HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code, or to your service worker, the next time the app is launched, the changes are downloaded by the browser that's running your app from your web server.

Reviewer: I didn't notice overcomplex sentence, but Acrolinx says
![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/assets/45407486/cc23df99-7fdc-47f8-9c13-fe45a11f040c)

> Generally, when you update your PWA code, you don't need to create a new app package and submit it to the Microsoft Store again. For example, when you make changes to your app's front-end HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code, or to your service worker, the next time the app is launched, the changes are downloaded by the browser that's running your app from your web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, when you update your PWA code, you don't need to create a new app package and submit it to the Microsoft Store again. For example, suppose you make changes to your app's front-end HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code, or to your service worker. The next time the app is launched, the changes are downloaded by the browser that's running your app from your web server.
```

> However, if you make changes to the web app manifest file, for example if you change the app icon or name, or if you change or add manifest members like `file_handlers`, `protocol_handlers`, or `share_handlers`, then you must create a new app package and submit it to the Microsoft Store.  This is because the information found in the web app manifest file is copied to the Windows app package for better integration with Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you make changes to the web app manifest file, such as changing the app icon or app name, or changing manifest members such as `file_handlers`, `protocol_handlers`, or `share_handlers`, you must create a new app package and submit it to the Microsoft Store.  This is because the information found in the web app manifest file is copied to the Windows app package for better integration with Windows.
```
